Just as a person can be awakened
from a deep sleep,
the Bible shows that it is possible
to be awakened from death.
Jesus did just that
for his friend Lazarus.
Lazarus had been dead for four days.
If some part of Lazarus
had survived his death and gone to heaven,
would Jesus take him out of heaven
and force him to live on earth again?
No.
Lazarus was asleep in the grave.
Jesus gave him back his life
and reunited him with his family.
The Bible promises a time
when many people
will be resurrected from the dead,
just as Lazarus was.
Jesus spoke of this wonderful hope
when he said:
“The one who exercises faith in me,
“even though he dies,
will come to life.”